dev/alpha example of GCP for all data sources (#327)
Worklytics/psoxy: infra/examples-dev/gcp/README.md

# example-google-workspace
** alpha quality example atm **

A Terraform root module to provision GCP project for Psoxy, configure it, and create necessary infra

> to for connections to all supported Google Workspace sources, with state stored to local filesystem.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
for connections to all supported Google Workspace sources, with state stored to local filesystem.
```

As such, it is not appropriate for scenario with multiple developers. As state will contain
sensitive information (eg, service account keys), care should be taken in production to ensure that
the filesystem in question is secure or another Terraform backend should be used (eg, GCS bucket
encrypted with a CMEK).

## Usage

### Prereqs

You'll need:
- a Bash-like shell environment on Linux, MacOS, or [WSL on Windows](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/wsl/install).
- [`git` installed](https://git-scm.com/book/en/v2/Getting-Started-Installing-Git), although it
  is usually included on those platforms (check with `git --version`).

> - an AWS account and credentials, as described in [Psoxy's AWS - Getting Started docs](https://github.com/Worklytics/psoxy/blob/v0.4.17/docs/aws/getting-started.md)

Reviewer: point links to `main` so they go to latest version always?
```suggestion
- an AWS account and credentials, as described in [Psoxy's AWS - Getting Started docs](https://github.com/Worklytics/psoxy/blob/main/docs/aws/getting-started.md)
```

Reviewer: why AWS is needed at all? Isn't this the GCP example?

Reviewer: Also, the GCP project is not created, it should exist, right? Shouldn't it be listed as a pre-req too?

Author: well, imho it's like an interface - if we move stuff around the link will break

re: AWS, yes should be changed to gcp
